# Working With Testing, Coverage, & Pipelines

So I've gotten into to a situation where I had to implmement a plan for a company to use unit tests. Or having their systems start to be tested regularly. This was something that I've already having been interested in for a while. I've read a lot of books on this, but I still didn't have a very concrete outlook on the whole process. Having this assignment helped me clear up a lot of things.

## I was misled

So the big thing that always was a stumbling point for me was understanding which kinds of tests do what. I always had this picture in my head that certain names of tests, Unit Tests, Integration Tests, End to End Testing, were neat little clumps of concepts. They were very well defined and very well agreed upon what they, what they touch, and how they should be done. Every book I've read up  to this point seemed to have hammered that in countless times. But when they talked about certain things, it never quite lined up.
Some books would say different things about different kinds of tests and say very hard rules on how things should be. Over time it got overwelming how often these important rules were slightly inconsistent with other people's sets of rules. And it made it more frustrating that every person who seems to talk about these sorts of things, are always declaring with such conviction that this is the way it. This is not only the way it has to be done, but this is how everyone always does it. Any other way is just not a thing. It's not just that other ways are incorreect, it's that they have never been done that way and never will be. 

This was incorrect. Recently I found a book, another recommendation about unit testing, I got through maybe the first chapter of this book that to at least one internet character believed it to be a "classic". In this book they gave me something new. It was okay to consider things different. The book mentions that there are two schools of thought on unit testing. One was the Kent Beck way of doing unit testing, one of the geniunely "classic" books that I have read and also a book on explictly using Mocking. It didn't go very far into this concept, but it just made me aware, there are different schools of thought. Things aren't just a "standard". It's okay to make choices here.

So I read this other book, or at least I'm about three quarters of the way through it. I don't agree with a lot of how it presents the process. A lot of these examples they give do at least try to describe real life situations where things don't just always work about perfect and hunky-dory, but it does still do that thing where it just it always a simple solution. There's always one way to think about the next step. Every big step has one choice, actually to be fair, occasionally it describes one big step as having maybe even possibly one of choice, which it presents as being completely acceptable. Bug agian this does not match reality.

Every situation I run into, I have infinite number of choices. There is never one, two, three, or ten correctish ways and a couple wrong ways. There will never be any concept of what is correct and what is wrong. It's always just what keeps us moving forward. Every syntatical word spelled out is another path forward, another set of decisions.

I don't necessarily trust this book, but I at least started a project with some of it's advise. Some parts completely unrelated to unit tests, this is honestly why I love reading technical programming books so much. The shared experiences of seasoned developers. Sometimes I disagree, sometimes I agree, sometimes I don't know, but at least I am now aware of the possibility. 

The project didn't end up going the way the books led to believe it would go. Which is fine, it was part of the exercise, I gained some interesting practice. 

## The assignment

I put together a plan with things I've learned here as well as all other information I've accrued over time. The project went well, the biggest part for me was making clear that the way I was choosing to do things was "our way" and making clear there is no "the way" to do things.
